Adding security policy (#3778)
kubeedge/kubeedge: docs/SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> To report a vulnerability, please contact the Security Team: `cncf-kubeedge-security@lists.cncf.io`. Security is of the highest importance and we sincerely request you to keep the vulnerability information confidential.

Reviewer: We can add some template for the email content here. And remindering the user don't report vulnerability to public like issue or slack msg.

Author: using bug report template, and report to cncf-kubeedge-security@lists.cncf.io

> The team will help diagnose the severity of the issue and determine how to address the issue. The reporter(s) can expect a response within 24 hours acknowledging the issue was received. If a response is not received within 24 hours, please reach out to any committer directly to confirm receipt of the issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The team will help diagnose the severity of the issue and determine how to address the issue. The reporter(s) can expect a response within 24 hours acknowledging the issue was received. If a response is not received within 24 hours, please reach out to any Security Team member directly to confirm receipt of the issue.
```

Should be Security Team member, instead of committer here.

## Review Process

After receiving any suspected vulnerability, the Security Alert Team will discuss the issue with the reporter(s) and KubeEdge's security advisors to analyze/validate the vulnerability, assess its severity based on its actual impact on KubeEdge.

If the vulnerability is accepted, its remediation priority, and develop remediations (including mitigations, patches/versions, and other risk mitigations) will be determined.

> Sticking to the principles of harm and risk reduction, we release vulnerability information to stakeholders through the security announce mailing list (`cncf-kubeedge-distributors-announce@lists.cncf.io`). The reporter(s) are expected to participate in the discussion of the timeline and abide by agreed upon dates for public disclosure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sticking to the principles of harm and risk reduction, we release vulnerability information to stakeholders through the security announce mailing list (`cncf-kubeedge-distrib-announce@lists.cncf.io`). The reporter(s) are expected to participate in the discussion of the timeline and abide by agreed upon dates for public disclosure. 
```

> Note also that the team can use [GitHub Security Advisories](https://github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/security/advisories) to disclose, fix, and publish information about the vulnerability.

Reviewer: It's needed to splite the `Distributors Disclosure` and `Public Disclosure` here. First disclosure to distributors then the public disclosure

## Supported Versions

> See the [KubeEdge releases page](https://github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/releases) for information on supported versions of KubeEdge. Once the fix is confirmed, the Security Team will patch the vulnerability in the next patch or minor release, and backport a patch release into all earlier supported releases.

Reviewer: We support the latest three minor release, which need to added :)

> ## Joining the security announce mailing list

Reviewer: The membership criteria and embargo policy are also needed.
